0.  Each format soupports only three basic colours. Other colours are made from different combinations
	of these basic colours i.e. red,green and blue.

1.  GIF supports animation.

2.  In lossy compression image quality is compromised as a tradeoff for reduced size. In
    lossless compression image quality is not changed even when the file is compressed.
	
3.  JPEG format is lossy compressed.

4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system the os changes the first character of the filename
    to indicate that the file is deleted and lists the space occupied by the file
    as free space or space ready to write other data. Actually the content of the file is never deleted.   
    
6.  The <stdint.h> header  declares sets of integer types having specified widths, and defines 
	corresponding sets of macros. It also defines macros that specify limits of integer types corresponding 
	to types defined in other standard headers.
	
7.  They are integers having exact widths i.e uint8_t is exactly 8 bit wide. these types can be useful 
	for reading or writeing data of a specific length to a file. They are used in the case of BMP files. 
	
8.  BYTE = 8 bits, DWORD = 32 bits, LONG = 32 bits, WORD = 16 bits.

9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file must be 0x4d42 in hexadecimal.

10. bfsize= size of the BMP file and bisize = The number of bytes required by the structure BITMAPINFOHEADER.
 
11.  If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.

12. biBitCount specifies BMP s color depth.

13. fopen retuns NULL in case it is unable to open the file due to low disc space or error or any other reason.

14. The third argument in fread signifies how many times fourth argument sized bytes must be read form the 
	inputfile to the buffer. We want to read the BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER sized data only once 
	to place them atop color triplets so the third argument is only.
	
15. The value of padding will be 3 if bi.biwidth is 3.

16. fseek is used to reposition file stream position indicator.

17. SEEK_CUR Seeks the file pointer indicator from the current location. 

18. TODO

18.	Whodunit?